Welcome to this bonus module in this course you'll learn a lot about Engler and also about state management
and Engler.
Now what is state state simply describes the wild state of your application is the user authenticated.
Are the recipes loaded.
That is the state.
This the information you need in your front and in your angular application for it to work correctly.
Now thus far in this course we managed state through services we stored the authentication status the
servers we store the recipes in the service and we use services and methods in these services to interact
with our state to load more recipes or add a new one.
Nothing wrong with that especially with the set up we use here where we also use our exchange as subjects
as event emitters.
Check out the previous coord sections to learn how we implement them.
So especially this set up is really good and you can absolutely use it.
However if you are diving into much bigger applications or you just feel like you want a little bit
of a more elaborate approach possibly also using immutable data structures.
Then this module might be interesting for you in this module will dive into N-G are X which is an additional
Pekovic you can use in your angular project.
It's not part of angular itself that's important but you can install it and it's all about state management
and forcing a redux like pattern.
If you're from reac you might know what redux is.
If not I will explain it in this section.
So that is what we'll dive into in this section into ngi or X how you may use it.
And I thought why would I show you some slides.
Or in theory if we already have a course project.
So let's take the course project office coords and completely change the way we manage our state and
use energy or X instead of services.
So let's dive into that.